docs: clarify self-hosted support stance (#1655)
Azure/karpenter-provider-azure: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [contributing guide](https://github.com/Azure/karpenter-provider-azure/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

This open-source project is subject to best-effort support by project maintainers and not covered by Microsoft support channels. [File an issue](https://github.com/Azure/karpenter-provider-azure/issues) in this project for any questions, feature requests, or issues.
```

## Installation (self-hosted Karpenter)

> **⚠️ Warning ⚠️** We strongly recommend using [Node Auto Provisioning](#installation-nap) (aka managed Karpenter) instead of self-hosted. Official support via MSFT support channels is limited to NAP. Self-hosted Karpenter is supported primarily via GitHub issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**⚠️ Warning ⚠️** We strongly recommend using [Node Auto Provisioning](#installation-nap) (aka managed Karpenter) instead of self-hosted. Official support via Microsoft support channels is limited to NAP. Self-hosted Karpenter is supported primarily via GitHub issues, and subject to best-effort response time.
```
